hey folks what's happening I've been
feeling a little sick today and
yesterday just kind of worn out but you
know there's nothing like a huge jug of
coffee to get you go now you've heard me
talk about lenses that are the cat's ass
now really awesome so let's talk about
current production lenses that what
would be the opposite of the cat's ass I
have come up with the premise that it's
the dog's balls so let's talk about
Nikon's current lenses that are the dogs
balls that are just you know they're
just what they're just awful now no
particular order here now this one
almost didn't make the list that's seen
a core FX lens 17 to 35 f 2.8 this lens
is extremely dated the only reason that
Nikon is still making it is they haven't
come out with a replacement in that
range for it yet it's an old slow dog
very slow autofocus it's got vignette
ingush use is actually a really if I had
one and if it was still obtained it's
$1,900 lens by the way and used even in
bad condition they always sell really
really high so the 1735 is a dog now if
I saw one tomorrow for 450 or $500
I'd actually buy it but it's current
asking price that basically the cost of
a a 24 70 is just insane it is just a
slow outdated dog no other lens a lot of
you folks have because you got it as a
kit lens with your nikon d750 and it's
just isn't my premise a lot of other
people report on this as well this is
the only lens by the way also the DxO
market gets accurate they rate this at
the bottom of the barrel this is the one
time you will find me the one time
you'll find me agreeing with them
Digital Rev and other people that have
tested this land
and I've used as well 20 40 120 F for
Nick or is a dog woof awful the dogs
balls it's just horrible
next lambs is the Nick or let's say a DX
limbs it's a fifty-five to three hundred
two four five four five five six
it's got vibration reduction it is just
a flat-out woofer it's just it's just a
pooch it's a canine
it's a mongrel the next one is it the
excellent salsa it's the Nick or 55 to
200 4 5 5 6 it's a VR 2-lens
it is just a nasty pooch
it's just a dirty mongrel ready to be
put down the next one is another DX lens
it's the 18 to 300 not to be confused
the 18 to 200 which I recommend and this
18 to 300 is a 3 5 5 6 it's a g series
with vibration reduction it is a woofer
it's the dog's balls it's awful do much
coffee next one is another DX lens AFS
Nikkor 18 to 143 v v 6g series V R so
that lens is a pooch that's the 18 to
140 DX
the next one is the lens a lot of people
have that is the DX 18 to 55 kit lens of
the plastic mount which by the way oh my
god makes a Ken Rockwell's top 10 list
it makes my top 10 bottomland it makes
my top 10 list - except it makes my top
10 dogs balls list meaning it's a
horrible it's just a horrible lens it's
actually sharp it's just it's junky
they're always breaking they're always
these are mass produced at slave labor
speeds in China like you would not
believe like fast off a stop you don't
want it the next one don't Kim confuse I
highly recommend it is top top lens it's
a horrible constructed lens there's no
reason on earth to consider buying it
that's the FX lens it's a 60 millimeter
macro Nick Ward 2.8 but g-series now
don't be confused I'm the other one I
recommend there's built like a tank and
acid II series this one is the G Series
which is my cons newest macro it's just
its design its construction and it's
just a pooch it's just it's optically
fine so it kind of barely makes the list
but when you put it up against its older
cousin he's 60 millimeter 2.8 D which is
far superior construction far better
lens this is just a pooch but it barely
makes this list barely now the next one
is a real dog this one got this one
deserves I award because it sucks so bad
it sucks so bad it just makes you want
to slap your mother in the face 18 it's
gonna be the a the FX lens the 82 400 I
can't see a 4 5 5 6 g series with VR
it's a huge barreled basically
telescopic lens that is just damn slow
damn sucky it's expensive as hell it is
it's just a turd muffin it is a pooch a
dog a mongrel it is what you would get
if you cross bred a chihuahua with the
know it's a German Shepherd some sort of
horrible thing that you would it's just
awful it too much caffeine next one's
the FX Nick or it is the 200 to 400
another woofer it's f/4 lens as a VR 2
it's insanely expensive it's insanely
huge it's beyond its astronomically
expensive it is a pooch a dog a woofer
if the lens was like 800 dollars or
something it would be worth it but it is
it is far it's here you could buy brand
new I like new I like new a BMW for this
this pooch cost such as horrible and
last but not least is a lens that is so
insanely expensive and so horrible it is
like buying a Hugo for the price of a
BMW it is just awful it's got optical
issues it's got too much light fall-off
it's optically in fear
it's the new course of FX FX lens 200
millimeter
f2 and ok it's at f/2 e DV r2
insanely expensive just insanely
expensive just a pooch a woofer a dog
yeah I mean I could go out right now by
a really like new BMW for what this dog
costs I mean you wouldn't even consider
buying this thing I mean this thing let
me see that's about 20 times the cost of
180 millimeter F 2.8 and nowhere near is
a good optical quality it is just
horrible so so this I'm gonna call this
the dogs balls list because these are
current production Ecore and they right
as the dogs balls they just suck they're
just woofers they just they bark they're
drooling on themselves they're just they
got the mange you too many analogies
right anyway thanks for watching like
this video drop a buck or two or tell me
go jump off a cliff whatever makes you
the most happy get you